Come and save the boss and take him out
Trouble with her mouth and legs. Even without you.
Let you treat me as me and don't let her fall.
If you are confused, blame your secret loan in-laws.
Japanese songs are all about people with money and affairs.
You can't afford to offend.
Interested to say less. Developed.
Come and help me do whatever I want.
Maybe I will be happy.
Can you still let me put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put
You put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put
You put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put you put